One - A character from your tribe does something thoughtful and helpful for another character from a different tribe. What is it? Have a small interaction between the two. OR Something goes wrong during a mission. Roll a 1d12 to determine how wrong it goes, 1 being death and 12 being non devastating injury. 
Two - A character from your tribe has an interaction with Mumble. Roll a 1d12 to determine how it goes, 1 being a deathly encounter and 12 being new understanding found. OR A character from your tribe is visited at night by a ghost. What happens? 
Three - A character of your choice plans a date to surprise another character. How does it go? OR Tensions and stress lead to a one night stand. Between who? 
Four - A character from your tribe goes into the armory looking for something. Roll a 1d12, if the roll is a 10 or higher the character not only finds what they’re looking for, but also something not from this world. If the roll is a 6 or lower, the character doesn’t find what they’re looking for, but they find something that’s been hidden. 
Five - Roll a crackship and have an interaction between the two. OR Roll a crackship and describe a scene in which one of them finds out about a secret about the other.  
Six - An unlikely pair become friends. Roll two characters from different tribes and describe what makes them come together. OR There’s a storm coming. Roll a 1d12 to determine how bad the storm is, 1 being so bad it causes damage and injury, 12 being a cozy night with candles and blankets. 
Seven - Members of a cult come to the Weary Wanderer looking for Gwen. A character from your tribe is the one to greet them. How do they react and do they let them in? OR A birthday party is arranged. Who is it for and how does it go?
Eight - Working together, Noah, Wren and Ace are able to find a cure. Resources for the cure are scarce, so everyone now has to find out who gets the first doses. Have an interaction between Ace, Bloodbath and Wren/Noah to come to an agreement in how to deliver the news and distribute the cure. 
Nine - Start a project that will make the lives of the group much easier. When the project ends, roll a 1d12 to determine how successful the project is, 1 being total failure and 12 being complete success beyond expectations. OR A rumor about a character of your choice comes to light. What is it? Every player includes short reactions as applicable. 
Ten - A stranger comes to the Weary Wanderer and causes chaos. How? What happens to them? OR A romantic interaction happens between two characters of your choice. Roll a 1d12 to decide how well it goes, 1 being an argument that worsens their relationship, 12 being taking their relationship to the next level. 
Jack - A character from your tribe decides to do something they wouldn’t have dared before the apocalypse. What is it and how does it go? OR A disastrous event happens. Roll a 1d12 to determine how much damage is done 1 being total devastation and 12 being a minor disaster. 
Queen - A character from your tribe has a lot of ëdream of another reality. What happens in the dream and how do they feel when they wake up? OR A character from your tribe is sent out on a scavenging mission. Roll a 1d12 to determine how well it goes. 1 being serious injury or death, 12 being finding exactly what they came for and more. 
King - Flip a coin. 1: you remember everything and the dreamhouse changes, 2: you remember something that happened in another time and place, what is it? 
Ace - Take this opportunity to play puppet master. You have control over any character in the game, use this chance to make a character of your choice do something you’ve been wanting them to. If this initiates an interaction, you either do the interaction, or guide the player on what their character should do.
